
.WE WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT YOU
=======================

---------------------------------------

|Lobason Anye
 a.k.a Anye Mbom, now a.k.a Paul. I am a Cameroonian born and raised 
in Ntsoubuh, Mankon, Bamenda of the NorthWest Region of Cameroon and
presently residing in Canada. I had numerous challenges in my teens and 
early twenies but Jesus came through for and did what I could not
 do for myself. I am unfortunately still single, a Lover and fan of
 Jesus. I love football, a fan of Man U and Real Madrid. And as 
 you already know, I am a Database Administrator.
 So what else do you want to know about ME?

 Asah Nora
 iam born and raised in cameroon in the sw region.
 a sister to two brothers.I lived in cameroon upto 
 my early twenties.I can say iam a very fortunate 
 and blessed child with a big God Jehovah,who by 
 his special grace,I was able to move to the USA in 
 2015. I am currently married and a mother of 3 boys.
life has been an adventure in america.honestly, 
america has alot to teach us about life. 
helooo!am a data base engineering student.
---------------------------------------

|Nkwatoh Yannick
----------------------------------------

AKA PAPA aka uncle nendzz. 
i have a beautiful daughter and lovely woman by my side 
studied English/performing arts ub(didnt complete final year though)
have a graduates dip in marketing (ABE UK) 
been mostly self employed all my life.
i have done the good , the bad and the ugly (not ugly ugly) to survive
never had it easy but i have always overcome thanks to te almight
i am very tech oriented and always looking forward to learning something new.
only this time i intend to make a career out of it and monetize it fully
i love driving, camping, swimming, soccer(liverpool fan), having fun and 
most importantly serving the almight .
born and breath in bamenda but im from ndop. babessi to be precise
proud cameroonian and one of those who believes in a better tomorrow here for us all
etc etc etc.happy to be part of this grou. you all are amazing 

|Philip N
I'm Philip Nzegwu from Nigeria West Africa and tribe of Igbo in Estern part of 
Najia. Currently residing in Maryland USA with my family. I work as GNA and also 
student of Tatech solutions,Am chelsea fan but Lord Jesus is the all. I greatful 
to meet the wonderful people of this class. That's little I can say about me now.

Bruceline Fru

Usually call Bruce. Im happily married and a father of two, originally from
mankon the Northern Zone of Ambazonia in West Africa. I migrated to the US 
in 2006 and presently based in the washington DC metro area. I have been self employed,
owned an operated a whole sale automobile dealership, own and presently run businesses in the two regions of LRC (Yaounde and Douala)
and one in the Northern Zone. As a business oriented guy, i have ventured in to so many things, presently I'm partner with 5 other guys and we own a commercial real estate property here in maryland, we run a restaurant, dine in and carry out, clubing. Im a chef in grilling (suya) and now IT is going to be one of the things I have decided to venture into and particularly postgress because i was actually encouraged by a good friend of mine who knows my potential and vice versa. I am confident that this recommendation was a good one. My acedemic background, I have a BSc in Environmental Science from  UB-Cameroon and an MSc in Natural Resource / Environmental Management from NMHU-USA